well welcome welcome to your mom's house
with Tom Segura Christina the ship's
to your house so we went to I took you
to get Japanese massage yeah which was
amazed and this was I mean this was a
high-end spa yeah it wasn't just like oh
there's a couple of you know Japanese
people in this strip mall this was like
a really high-end spa was like it's nice
birthday treat yeah yeah so where they
make you wear like kimono robes and some
which was super fun and then there's a
it's called a foodle a poodle bath
mm-hmm and we walked on would bath yeah
it's like a hundred and fifty degrees of
feel in us and the temperature never
drops yeah it's amazing really really
crazy anyway we're at the bath tub and I
was like there's no way we should
explain this first okay go ahead we
settle in it's a whole like welcoming
experience where they sit you down you
put on your kimono they massage your
feet I fell asleep during it it was that
part was so good yeah and you like the
level of subservience I love it a lot of
bowing a lot of me I enter sir me I is
just everything okay sir I love it there
has always lower than yours
absolutely yeah you like that people
know their place and then we did the the
massage which was excellent and then
they go uh you know the bathtubs over
there it's in the same room you know you
first said you go now you have a bath
and I thought because it's just a single
tub that it was just for me yeah that's
what I said so I go you had a night okay
yeah and then I go and then the lady
comes and she washes you she washes your
cock and balls yeah and the look on her
face you're so excited you're like why
oh really
like yeah your special day I've yeah
like this is an expensive Jack Shaq yeah
my Tina you said the the lady's gonna
wash your your cock and ball tonight
yeah what yeah then yeah and you go yeah
you said ass that you go yeah I go
really and you got now
what if that was part of the package
she's like okay and I wash it your
cuckoo and your bows I really honestly I
never when you said that didn't think
like hey this lady's gonna get you off
in here right I thought you meant like
this is such an authentic traditional
old what they do in old cut it was like
an actual bathing experience and I was
like no fucking shit yeah I thought
someone's gonna come with a sponge and
just clean me off everywhere right I was
like wow then you know you gotta wash
your own cock and balls yeah it's kind
of neat they let you shower and sit in a
bathtub together and they it's the very
rare most places they think you're gonna
have sex they don't let men and women be
naked together in the same room yeah I
mean like I've never been to a spa where
they're like yes you're an adult yeah
surely you can handle this
responsibility of being nude sure
together well you did your duty before
come everywhere yeah no I did mine yeah
yeah laughter you farted after I farted
you did what you did what you do